Okay Who's goodbye will come majoring now,
who yeah (***)
And that's
ha ha ha
oh
yeah
When did I go to sleep? Like a quarter.
I don't know what to tell you.
Oh, you didn't say what you're taking next class
(***) ha ha ha ha
Well, you already get up early anyway.
yeah I get that.
yeah And you can sit wherever you want.
(***)
ahh
yeah
oh okay (***)
Don't be shy.
I don't know  yeah
(***)
I mean, two by four. Oh, yeah.
oh yeah what is our plan? yeah
Like if we can't get a two-by-four (***)
(***) no (***)
Yeah, well, you won't crash out because we will make the plan before us.
Yeah.
Um, I mean we could try to get like a 2x5.
As desired, yeah.
yeah (***)
Yeah, yeah.
yeah
I feel like this is what I hear about a lot of CS majors.
so i feel like
Selena (***)
Selena or Serena?
okay
(***) okay
(***)
ohh
oh
yeah
Did you say that hurt people?
Her approach to dealing is a little...
There are. Yeah.